docs/guide/inputs/types/box/README.md, before:

# Box

The box [classification](/guide/inputs/custom-inputs/#what-is-a-classification) is given to the following types:

- [checkbox](#checkbox)
- [radio](#radio)

:::tip Note
Just like a native checkbox or radio, the `box` classification uses the `checked`
prop instead of `value` to set it’s initial state.

The exception to this rule is when the `options` prop is specified causing it to
act more like a select list. In this case, use `value` to set the initial state.

You can also use `v-model` in either case.
:::

## Checkbox

### Single checkbox

With a single checkbox, the value of the result is a `boolean`.

```vue
<FormulateInput
  v-model="value"
  type="checkbox"
  label="This is a single checkbox"
/>
```

<demo-input-checkbox />

:::tip Tip
Notice that the labels of `box` types come after the input element. You can
change this behavior by adding `label-position="before"` as a prop.
:::

### Multiple checkbox options

Often multiple checkboxes are used to offer a range of selectable options. This
can be done with a single `FormulateInput` and the `options` prop. The
selections are represented as an array.

```vue
<FormulateInput
  v-model="value"
  :options="{first: 'First', second: 'Second', third: 'Third', fourth: 'Fourth'}"
  type="checkbox"
  label="This is a label for all the options"
/>
```

<demo-input-checkbox-multi />

#### Array option syntax

In addition to passing an object of key/value pairs as the `option` prop, you
can alternatively pass an array of objects with `value` and `label` properties.
Using this syntax you can optionally define an `id` attribute to be applied to
each `input`.

```js
[
  { value: 'first', label: 'First', id: 'my-first' },
  { value: 'second', label: 'Second' }
]
```

#### Array string syntax <Badge text="2.5" /> {data-new}

You can also use a simple array of strings. In this case both the `value` and
the `label` of the checkboxes will be the string value.

```vue
<FormulateInput
  v-model="value"
  :options="['First', 'Second', 'Third', 'Fourth']"
  type="checkbox"
  label="This is a label for all the options"
/>
```

## Radio

The syntax for radio inputs is identical to checkboxes.

```vue
<FormulateInput
  v-model="value"
  :options="{first: 'First', second: 'Second', third: 'Third', fourth: 'Fourth'}"
  type="radio"
  label="This is a label for all the options"
/>
```

<demo-input-radio />

## Styling box inputs

Checkboxes and radio boxes are notoriously frustrating to style. To assist,
Vue Formulate places a `<label>` element immediately after the `<input>` tag.
This allows for easy sibling selector css rules using the `:checked` psuedo-class
selector. The default snow theme using this technique to style checkboxes and
inputs.

```css
input ~ label {
  /* style the label to look like a checkbox */
}
input:checked ~ label {
  /* make the label look like a checked checkbox */
}
```

If you don't want to use this "decorator" label on your project, you can disable
it by setting the global option `useInputDecorators` to `false`:

```js
// Wherever you register Vue Formulate
Vue.use(VueFormulate, {
  useInputDecorators: false
})
```

## Custom class keys

In addition to all [global class keys](/guide/theming/#customizing-classes)
following are available:

Key             | Default                          | Description
----------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------
`decorator`     | `.formulate-input-decorator`     | A secondary `<label>` element position immediately after the `<input>` element for styling “pretty” checkboxes.

:::warning String values only
Although Vue Formulate supports non-string values, HTML `radio` and `checkbox`
inputs only support string values, using integers or booleans as keys will
result in unexpected behavior. The only exception to this rule is single
checkboxes (no `options`), which Vue will cast to booleans for you automatically.
:::

Commit message:

Add multiple radio buttons warning to docs

docs/guide/inputs/types/box/README.md, after:

# Box

The box [classification](/guide/inputs/custom-inputs/#what-is-a-classification) is given to the following types:

- [checkbox](#checkbox)
- [radio](#radio)

:::tip Note
Just like a native checkbox or radio, the `box` classification uses the `checked`
prop instead of `value` to set it’s initial state.

The exception to this rule is when the `options` prop is specified causing it to
act more like a select list. In this case, use `value` to set the initial state.

You can also use `v-model` in either case.
:::

## Checkbox

### Single checkbox

With a single checkbox, the value of the result is a `boolean`.

```vue
<FormulateInput
  v-model="value"
  type="checkbox"
  label="This is a single checkbox"
/>
```

<demo-input-checkbox />

:::tip Tip
Notice that the labels of `box` types come after the input element. You can
change this behavior by adding `label-position="before"` as a prop.
:::

### Multiple checkbox options

Often multiple checkboxes are used to offer a range of selectable options. This
can be done with a single `FormulateInput` and the `options` prop. The
selections are represented as an array.

```vue
<FormulateInput
  v-model="value"
  :options="{first: 'First', second: 'Second', third: 'Third', fourth: 'Fourth'}"
  type="checkbox"
  label="This is a label for all the options"
/>
```

<demo-input-checkbox-multi />

#### Array option syntax

In addition to passing an object of key/value pairs as the `option` prop, you
can alternatively pass an array of objects with `value` and `label` properties.
Using this syntax you can optionally define an `id` attribute to be applied to
each `input`.

```js
[
  { value: 'first', label: 'First', id: 'my-first' },
  { value: 'second', label: 'Second' }
]
```

#### Array string syntax <Badge text="2.5" /> {data-new}

You can also use a simple array of strings. In this case both the `value` and
the `label` of the checkboxes will be the string value.

```vue
<FormulateInput
  v-model="value"
  :options="['First', 'Second', 'Third', 'Fourth']"
  type="checkbox"
  label="This is a label for all the options"
/>
```

## Radio

The syntax for radio inputs is identical to checkboxes.

```vue
<FormulateInput
  v-model="value"
  :options="{first: 'First', second: 'Second', third: 'Third', fourth: 'Fourth'}"
  type="radio"
  label="This is a label for all the options"
/>
```

<demo-input-radio />

:::warning Multiple radio buttons with the same name
Radio buttons with the same name are considered one group in a `<form>`.
If you are using radio inputs in repeatable blocks the name will be the same,
and users will notice, that the current block input will "steal" the selection from the other.

Possible mitigations:
  - append the current index to the name of the input
  - wrap the input group to a `<form>` tag where you supress the `submit` event and handle handle possible problems with embedded forms 
:::

## Styling box inputs

Checkboxes and radio boxes are notoriously frustrating to style. To assist,
Vue Formulate places a `<label>` element immediately after the `<input>` tag.
This allows for easy sibling selector css rules using the `:checked` psuedo-class
selector. The default snow theme using this technique to style checkboxes and
inputs.

```css
input ~ label {
  /* style the label to look like a checkbox */
}
input:checked ~ label {
  /* make the label look like a checked checkbox */
}
```

If you don't want to use this "decorator" label on your project, you can disable
it by setting the global option `useInputDecorators` to `false`:

```js
// Wherever you register Vue Formulate
Vue.use(VueFormulate, {
  useInputDecorators: false
})
```

## Custom class keys

In addition to all [global class keys](/guide/theming/#customizing-classes)
following are available:

Key             | Default                          | Description
----------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------
`decorator`     | `.formulate-input-decorator`     | A secondary `<label>` element position immediately after the `<input>` element for styling “pretty” checkboxes.

:::warning String values only
Although Vue Formulate supports non-string values, HTML `radio` and `checkbox`
inputs only support string values, using integers or booleans as keys will
result in unexpected behavior. The only exception to this rule is single
checkboxes (no `options`), which Vue will cast to booleans for you automatically.
:::
